Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool. And then so then I'm gonna make you a Co host so that you can drive
Lilliana Robinson: on your end. The so who's the first person that submitted in the folder? Also, if your if your stuff is not in the folder, do you see docs and files presentations, why, before the Y team.
Burhan Syed: The reload button, I think. We just uploaded ours. Yeah, we're on the top.
Lilliana Robinson: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. We're missing 2. So whoever has not put it in definitely, do that. Alright, Carlos, thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: We're gonna do 3 min. Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: no, we. We're gonna pull it up for you. Laptop.
Lilliana Robinson: Good for a real time. Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: okay.
Lilliana Robinson: you can stop sharing if you want for a sec.
Lilliana Robinson: But you're gonna stand there right? At least, it's on the recording. Now, do you have a public link?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, you need to just make it public.
Lilliana Robinson: He'll just make it public right now
Lilliana Robinson: we got this. Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: and at 3 min I'll let you finish your send this. But we're going to be really tight, much tighter than we were at the checkpoint. We didn't get through everybody.
Lilliana Robinson: So 3 min. Yeah, yeah, wait till I sit down.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. Game 10, I just for the record. The presentation was, what we want feedback on is what what we want feedback on. What do you want? Feedback. Yeah, like, basically, that's what I put on the deck. I was just mostly like, cover that.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's see how it goes. Alright. Cool.
Lilliana Robinson: So yeah. Morning, everyone you're looking quite shop. But that's it. So we are simple plus. And Australian criteria got Sunday down a little bit, you know. Just wait.
Lilliana Robinson: You can scroll down. You know, 100 or 10 interviews.
Lilliana Robinson: But that is not the external number. The external number is below. The more important number, rather is, the quality is 3.5. And I think for us it's more important that we get to a 5, you know. So that's why you can go to the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: We are hoping to do another 5 interviews this month. We actually need one this morning. And we are very keen and quickly about the
Lilliana Robinson: screening criteria quality. So what we're doing primarily is ensuring that we have what we're pulling a screening criteria score, you know, and we're scoring them after the interview as opposed to before, to move to the next slide. We have 9
Lilliana Robinson: to be done. Statements that's also for us. And I can tell, yeah, I didn't place them here, cause they're too many. So what I just move on. What I focus on was the energy we picked up as opposed to counting the number
Lilliana Robinson: so for us, we created this group 3 categories. We have what we call it. So that's a positive tell insight generous. It is basically generous to give us insight, but they're not really biting and then blunt curiosity. You know them. They're not really moving towards us, but it just
Lilliana Robinson: making the time for the meeting. Yes, I mean, let's jump to the statements. Okay? Cause I wanna make sure we like, okay, we trust your process. So 1 one thing that I want to point out here is we were hearing, you know. So for us, we were like very concerned about that, like, they're not really making a lot of noise about, you know, the issues, thanks to go all the way to the the flasters.
Lilliana Robinson: So these are our classes. So so one thing we saw very heavily is, there's gotta be a way to do all this with one tool. We're having a call. It's already included in this summary. But
Lilliana Robinson: they are using a class of tools visible on their table. Google sheets. Excel, yeah, too many tools. But none of them is using just one base between 2 to 5 on average.
Lilliana Robinson: okay, we can't analyze our data like this. So that's another group. So basically, they were just in a situation whereby it's 2 all over the place.
Lilliana Robinson: That plastering, collecting the data in a structured manner is difficult. So this is the consistency, the format measuring protocols, and to see, and then, finally, the person had to do. This is always overwhelmed, you know. So we were trying very hard to hunt on the person who specifically has to do this.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, that's so. It just gives you a sense of where we alright, yeah, got it. Alright. So so it sounds like you, you've detected some energy. But it's more in the vitamin
Lilliana Robinson: category. Yeah. So so where are you? What are you gonna do next?
Lilliana Robinson: So one like I mentioned. I think the first thing for us was the quality. In some instances we gave into a little, a little bit into the pressure for mental modes, and we moved away from a screen criteria. And that affected the quality of our interviews.
Lilliana Robinson: And then, secondly, meeting the deadline today, we were like, okay, let's have a full circle, 10 out of 10 to get full feedback. But we have better quality accelerators coming up as opposed to the one. So I think
Lilliana Robinson: that would be able to be like.
Lilliana Robinson: see the real deal, you know. Just really see? Indeed is vitamin as opposed to a true Pain Killer. Yeah. Have you ever been the data analyst for any of these accelerators? And have you ever done that work? Yes, okay. So my thought is, why don't you go back just doing that and get another customer?
Lilliana Robinson: So just say that again
Lilliana Robinson: like, Get a customer like, forget all this, get back to what's real, which is, do the work for an accelerator program that actually has the need that's hiring someone for.
Lilliana Robinson: And then you almost treat it like a client situation that leads you into a platform develop. That's my thought. Because, like, if you're struggling to gauge the pain through this process, we might need to throw out this process just like get paid.
Lilliana Robinson: One of them was previously doing that for them, and then we now
Lilliana Robinson: no big missing everything from them. And then the other 2 system case. Exactly. So. It's like when in Dow. And this is for everybody like, if you're dealing with person cause, there's a lot of uncertainty around validating the customer or whatever someone's gonna pick somebody to make progress doing this type of work. Yeah, make them pay you instead of someone else. And then we build a platform back. Yeah. So reduction companies basically go like, I'm a person. I could do the job. And they hire you. And then slowly but surely on the back end.
Lilliana Robinson: you're automating your job. Yeah, yeah. So literally, I should be just shipped up feature this morning again as well. So for same reasons. Yeah, just one thing is, maybe if you go to slide number
Lilliana Robinson: the one with the should just go up. Sorry for Carson. This one. So we were very concerned that
Lilliana Robinson: the functionality sphere was 80%, you know, like, I remember very clearly that I do wanted. We want them to be very emotional about the pain point.
Lilliana Robinson: But this this was very much like a concern for me, and I don't know. Is it. Is it a negative signal, you know, in terms of the morphine game, you know. Cause
Lilliana Robinson: stop it.
Lilliana Robinson: No, the the only signal that's a problem here is that people are having quality control issues with who they brought on to do the work. That's it. So we'll talk more about it specifically. But any other comments or questions from folks. Yeah, go ahead.
Lilliana Robinson: The functional, not like the weakest.
Lilliana Robinson: They're all equal. These are just different types of energy. So it's not like you're aiming for one than the other. I understand. Maybe the concentric circle diagram that we show may seem like you're getting to the heart of the problem. But that's not what it is. They're all equal, just like push, pull, habit, or have an anxiety, or going the other way, but push and pull or equal, you can have a really strong pull, a really strong push, or a really strong functional social
Lilliana Robinson: there's a there's a social factor here that maybe we haven't uncovered yet, because the whole point of this data is that as a fund, whereas an accelerator fund, we need to raise more capital from our lps for the next.
Lilliana Robinson: So we want this information to be like rendered properly. And there's a perception issue. And there's an emotional issue going on with fund managers who need to hire these folks to do this job. So I know that the problem you're trying to solve is real cause as a company. But I think we just need to like
Lilliana Robinson: cut up losses and like, get to work and get a custom. So Danny needs to hop. So we're gonna let him go next. So and then you can take it. German. Danny, the floor is yours. You can just unmute. You're on the speaker.
Danny Pereira: Cool. Thank you so much, and thank you, Jeremy. Sorry cool. So followed the some of the templates, so we can go down a little bit. So right, we wanna understand what is making people pay for financial apps right? In short, the interviews kind of showed that people viewed money, less as an object and more as the actual partner itself. Right, like money, is your partner. To turn into budgeting absolutely need help understanding the relationship, or cutting out the hurt or parts of the relationship with money that can be influenced by other people.
Danny Pereira: So we found 4 con situations that led people to kind of pay for the budgeting apps the number one is, and this is direct. I end up in oh, shit situations. So
Danny Pereira: it actually became apparent because we were getting some younger kids right, some younger adults, right? That they didn't care about the financial habits until it literally hurt them, and it was fascinating to us because we assume that we would target college kids and help them build better habits and get them to healthy place.
Danny Pereira: But it actually became quickly clear that college kids literally don't care about their finances, and if you can scroll down a little
Danny Pereira: it was always when some key life inflection point happened negatively for someone to thinking about money for the first time. Negatively, I guess abstract. I'll explain on a sec. But it was everything from being cut off by their parents, which is what like every college could told us right or when they were just getting a job for the first time, or an internship, and not wanting to blow their money away.
Danny Pereira: or suddenly getting laid off. So we got. I was about to graduate. My dad is cutting down my allowance. Another one was much sadder, but my dad gave up like like they banned. She he abandoned their family after the divorce, and it was a massive shock for my family, and that was the infidus that actually led to something. And like that was, I got that like in the last minute of the meeting. But yeah, the second thing is, I needed discipline. So there's this underlying theme of accountability or the desire to be held more accountable.
Danny Pereira: Everyone seemed to have a budget right? They have these budgeting apps, but maintaining it, tracking. It was a whole different thing, and what we learned is that people tend to either hyper, restrict, or splurge, which is an unhealthy way to manage things kind of like. Think of it like binge eating, or the opposite right?
Danny Pereira: and this telecom planning is what leads to these. Oh, shit moments right? 2 users spoke intuitively. I think it's because around the winter time, right about having a big purchase, one of them was going on a ski trip, and the other one needed to buy ski gear and they wanted a way to account for this without needing hyper, restrictor spending before or after spend.
Danny Pereira: So
Danny Pereira: this is kind of with like the restriction and accountability after mannership. I wanna make sure I'm not going crazy spending stuff. Another one was. Another respondent was telling us how
Danny Pereira: she gets money for the first the first week or 2. You have the money, but you aren't really thinking about how much you will get paid and what she meant by that is like getting paid in the future. So she's spending without thinking of kind of the consequences, because she has the money now right? Another one was the ski thing. Sometimes with these upfront costs for things you have to spend more, but they're not accurately accounting for that right in the budgeting app. It seems to be failing them. That was a common complaint. But yeah, and then, just in terms of impulse, it's hard when I want to do this now.
Danny Pereira: right, whether it be going out with friends, whether it be buying that sale, whether it be. It's just hard when I want to do this. Now.
Danny Pereira: This is a little.
Lilliana Robinson: Minute. Left. Danny. Okay.
Danny Pereira: Yeah, so you can go down a bit more.
Danny Pereira: So I'll just care. High level. This one's really interesting. Meant was almost like therapy meant the the app right? It seems like a lot of people are describing being a financial therapist, and they weren't through their kind of app right? They want they're at to have understanding. They spoke to this need of wanting a prediction, or to match up with the changes in their spending kind of like that. They know that they're gonna spend more on ski year right? And it sounded like they wanted intuition.
Danny Pereira: That being said when it was good. It was great, right. This lady had been using a rocket or the original rocket for like over 10 years, and build a habit into it. But other users right with some of the newer apps. With this this is specifically with rocket money, plus
Danny Pereira: she stopped using it because the notifications had no encouragement. They weren't custom. And then the scroll down for the last one we'll quickly touch on this
Danny Pereira: and it was how the relationship is deeply affected by others. The money disappears, and you're eating out and dining with friends to and fro. Almost everyone spoke to to either their kids, messing up their finances right because they didn't pay them back to the phone bill or their friends hit them on a Friday. Hit hit them up on a Friday and was like, Hey, do you wanna do this? And they had no plans, and it went completely astray. Right? And they destroyed their budget. One person.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright, Danny.
Danny Pereira: And say, no. And Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: So question for you. So wh, what are the implications here? Because I have a lot of questions about? You know the process and the screening criteria like who you were talking to what you're trying to learn. But that being said, tell us what your plan is. Now and then we'll see where that takes us.
Danny Pereira: Yeah, definitely. So we're essentially what we're trying to do right now is build into our one of like the functions that we have in our hardware device, right is focused on finance. And we're trying to essentially make it easier for people not have to think, cause or track things right which leads to kind of the issue some of the issues that they're having here. So that was kind of the big takeaways that we can't be forcing people to like input stuff and have to track things. We need to build that intuition to what we're doing now.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? So between now. And let's just say, Demo day is an arbitrary deadline.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, what are we trying to get done with blank labs?
Danny Pereira: We are aggressively shipping the alpha. We're actually so the takeaway from this is that we're not really focusing on finance anymore. We're trying to build the hardware platform with the base functions in the app store to allow people and to build their experiences on our device.
Lilliana Robinson: Know their experiences in your device. Tell me more about what that means.
Danny Pereira: Yeah, so literally. So we realize that there's always fragmented solutions between Oss and then private companies. But really the only way you're ever gonna drive and find the best experiences, the best coaches, the best, whatever it may be, is by letting the people who are best at that build them out and test through them. So we're gonna give people a platform to essentially be able to host their experiences, host their games, host their functions, to allow people to essentially purchase them in the package
Danny Pereira: way, or whether, like literally app store style right? And be able to learn from that what people actually want and don't want.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, give me a used case. So give me one very specific hyper specific use case for what you're talking about.
Danny Pereira: Yeah, so literally, if, like me, you and Pardo went to dinner. Bill is 120 bucks. I could text the Vi message to just say, Hey, me, Pardo! And Neil just went to dinner 120. Can you request them all?
Danny Pereira: And it's done.
Lilliana Robinson: And that's gonna be built through your through your.
Danny Pereira: That's no, that's a base function. So just like a phone has a base like, certain things preloaded ours. This 2, we've been like not doing nothing but shipping for the past like 9 days now, like we're not.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Danny Pereira: I think we're just shipping.
Lilliana Robinson: Got it. I I I I I think what I'm gathering is that there's going to be more time required to process the scope that you're talking about.
Lilliana Robinson: There's a lot that you sound like you've like kind of evolved into
Danny Pereira: Nothing's.
Lilliana Robinson: So I I'll open the floor. I'll let other people ask any questions or make any comments.
Lilliana Robinson: cause I think I have a lot more to process. Vincent.
Lilliana Robinson: My question is primarily around. If you scroll up that first, I think comment about the college students don't care about money that you made that statement. I believe. I personally care about money going in college. I didn't have like the myself. I'm curious of the subset that you survey, were they commuter students for students that went to like, I I imagine this is kind of a little bit of a color perspective, but I imagine I'm not a sample size one, and that there are others out there who don't have parents to leave on
Lilliana Robinson: that. Do that, do that, have to work your job, manage money because we know that people have the tightest budgets have to manage the money the most efficiently.
Danny Pereira: Totally. No, yeah. I totally hear you like this. There's definitely affluence speaking here in these, in some of these people that we interviewed. I think the key thing, though, is right there right, even if, like the pedes are self funding whatever. And we heard one of the people we talked to was one of like the ones who wasn't affluent. It's the fact that it's right because they're college kids. They're so peer pressure. They're so wanting to have fun. And all these things
Danny Pereira: it's they don't. So they care right. But then their buddy comes and is like, Hey, mark! Let's go get drinks blah blah blah, and that leads to one thing. Then they might get drunk. And then, you know, like spend like crazy. So it's not that they don't care. It's that they're not.
Danny Pereira: They don't like. That's kind of the thing they don't actually care. And I know that there are some people in very different situations. But then those people also aren't going to buy my device because they don't have money to. So that's kind of why we also pivoted directly from like trying to solve.
Danny Pereira: Like, be your like. Financial God is what we realize is not the way like we're not going to solve that ourselves. It's so nuanced.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. Alright, Danny, there's a lot there's a lot to digest, I think, for me, at least. But I'm excited to like dig into it with you. Have you been.
Danny Pereira: I mean I.
Lilliana Robinson: Have you been? Yeah.
Danny Pereira: We have not slept in forever, but.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. Alright. Well, take a nap, and then we'll we'll see you soon. Then.
Danny Pereira: Cool alright, got a rush.
Lilliana Robinson: And test bye
Lilliana Robinson: testing
Lilliana Robinson: 1, 2. There you go. There we go.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright, guys, I noticed. I'll make this clean. We're open to all feedback.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, they want to see.
Lilliana Robinson: I know it's my first time. Oh, second, 5 days. Guys.
Lilliana Robinson: There we go, sit like, here, there we go.
Lilliana Robinson: There we go awesome. Hey, guys, Jeremy? With Horizon with Carlos, or open to feedback. This is our Y before the y's so go to the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: So what we did was in our screening criteria. We interviewed 10 people.
Lilliana Robinson: The screening was who has hired a financial software within the last 6 months, or a financial advisor. Most of the people we interviewed.
Lilliana Robinson: Had a financial app. We noticed that in the we were able to cluster the interviews into
Lilliana Robinson: 3 clusters
Lilliana Robinson: and the 2 main groups that we saw were that the first cluster stem, the most energy was around a reactionary.
Lilliana Robinson: We'll see that shortly. The second third cluster stem from a more proactive sense of urgency in the sense of there, there may have been a live transition, or they know that they need to be doing phone with their money.
Lilliana Robinson: So we go to the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: So the first question
Lilliana Robinson: this group it pulled down to, where's my paycheck going.
Lilliana Robinson: They looked at their finances, or they they they look back. And they're like, Wow, I'm spending all this money. Where is it going? Yeah, I look up. I get paid my paychecks going. Second group. I can't spend the way I used to anymore. They may have got laid off more lice transition.
Lilliana Robinson: They got laid off, something happened. The previous speaker. Interestingly enough, college student. The parents were like, no, I don't want to support you anymore. I can't support you. You're you're you're growing up. Third cluster. I know there is. No, I should be doing my mind.
Lilliana Robinson: so they know they have the money.
Lilliana Robinson: They have the means, but they just don't know what they should be doing, and we'll go into some use cases in the next slides.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. So where's my Patrick going? So, as you can see, I won't read the pains, the pushes, the push schools, anxieties, and habits. But in a nutshell, if we look at some of the quotes. You know.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm using my debit card a lot those weeks like they wanna know that. That's a problem. They wanna know that while I spent I you know, 4 times last week I should do something about that or some of the other folks.
Lilliana Robinson: you know. I want everything to be in one place, so there's no guessing as to what happened.
Lilliana Robinson: A lot of these individuals have a lot of accounts. They want it all in one place. What am I doing? What should I be? What should I do to mitigate the damage of my paycheck disappearing? And, Jeremy, I'm sorry to jump in. I just wanna I'm excited about this because I think you have some fropy insights
Lilliana Robinson: out of these 3. Which of them is the most salient to you like. Which one are you all gonna drill into? Because we should spend most of our time focusing on that cluster?
Lilliana Robinson: So we're we're we're diving into that now. Okay, so we'll go to the next slide. This one was also pretty interesting. So there are individuals who make they may. They may make a lot of money. I work at Meta, and I got laid off. Just give an example.
Lilliana Robinson: They now have a substantially lower income. They're going through a live transition. They can't maintain the same lifestyle. So this was a big pain for for most folks. So they wanted to understand. Now they have to look at their finances a lot more granularly because they can't just do a mental math of. Oh, yeah, we're we're making more than we're bringing. We're making more than we're spending, you know, they have to actually find home and go through things.
Lilliana Robinson: And then, finally, if we go to. And this is also where the college student was as well with the parents. Finally, in the last slide
Lilliana Robinson: we had. I know it's smart to be doing my money, and there's a woman that we interviewed who had children and she was. She had their money in a regular savings account, but she knew that when she got the statement. She was like, you know, this interest isn't going up as much. She wanted to do something else. But inside you'll saving she learned more from influencers that she followed online ended up putting into the high you'll save, that can grow at a more substantial rate.
Lilliana Robinson: So this is more of I have money, I need to be educated as to what I should be doing.
Lilliana Robinson: and then finally, essentially the last slide. But if you go to the next one. These were the job statements that the aggregated job statements from the interviews
Lilliana Robinson: so shout out to to Katie and the team. We we iterated a lot on this. So
Lilliana Robinson: let's get to work. We got insights. We're at this stage
Lilliana Robinson: now. We gotta build and produce and get customers where, how we can do that right. So first of all, some of the anxieties that we saw in there around Security and not wanting to be captured, we're gonna make sure our security is airtight. Oh, off, although that's the table stakes will be noticed from here in terms of getting that deep, empathetic understanding of what the the true customers pains are.
Lilliana Robinson: We realize that our scope, like at least on the technical side. With the questions that we were trying to have the the software answer. It was way more complicated than what they really needed. So they just wanna be know, at the end of the day, am I gonna be okay? Can I make this purchase? Whereas what we were doing with the AI was this these complex you know, I wanna have a 4% drawdown and bring in this much when I retire for the next 5, 15 years, assuming this
Lilliana Robinson: very complex scenarios.
Lilliana Robinson: But I'm gonna use my Demo day Delta question for you. Same when I asked Danny before, what happens between today? And was it may thirtieth or 30 first, something like that thirtieth between. Now may thirtieth. We're narrowing the scope, the scope of what we're on the technical side. We're narrowing the scope of the types of questions that we need to answer very well. So we have product. Dev, do we have users? Do we have customers? Are we live?
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? Right? So help me understand? So we will. We will have a beta well, we will. We will be live.
Lilliana Robinson: The application will be downloadable in the apple store.
Lilliana Robinson: and we'll have, we'll have. We're building up our web. Wait our wait list as we speak, so it'll be live by demo day.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, alright, alright. We'll get real feedback, actually, because this was hiring people who hired other fires. But we'll also right. So my, so in my initial reaction here is that you'll probably need to choose
Lilliana Robinson: one of these buckets right to focus on design for and acquire customers through first. So any other quick feedback thoughts? Questions.
Lilliana Robinson: Very well done. Well done. Yeah, to stop us.
Lilliana Robinson: Makes sense. Okay, get your hair nice. I'll come, get the money.
Lilliana Robinson: Got it? He's coming off. Looks like she's about to go perform. I love it.
Lilliana Robinson: Just got ready. Hi, Neil! Hello! So Sam or Jeremy, we're sending to the camera. Okay, cool
Lilliana Robinson: guys, don't let me dominate this. If you have opinions like, you know. Jump in there, you know.
Lilliana Robinson: I took over.
Lilliana Robinson: Hi, guys, good morning. That's pretty. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: So our criteria and it's like.
Lilliana Robinson: And so why.
Lilliana Robinson: who are restaurants are hiring to bring high value customers to the doors? We found out that's one of the main things that restaurants want to do these days, and you'll see that on the next slides
Lilliana Robinson: this meeting criteria did not change is independent restaurants, owners, decision makers to happen recently adopted or actively using a loyalty word program in their establishments. You'll see later what happens. But that's we stick to that for the for the 8 interviews that we did. We did 8 interviews, 6 for quality.
Lilliana Robinson: we found that very interesting things about our competition. most of them use wrestling, which we'll get into that later in a minute. They use toast to do the job. They do their own in-house systems. They do on in kind. And Blackbird, which is something that we thought was a big big competitor. And it's actually not
Lilliana Robinson: the sorry case studies. I'll just hit the point. There's a little fun fact about it. So we have 2 clusters. Our first one is, I like to turn the one some month customer into a week payment.
Lilliana Robinson: So just going very quickly to the forces, this, basically one into one manager said that the market is crowded. So after Covid. A lot of restaurants reopen after they close. But then customers are not spending as much. So that's pending habit that they adopted during covid state. So they're very careful.
Lilliana Robinson: So they wanna bring people back the pool. They just want something easy. But they see they wanna they wanna know customers. They wanna know their allergies, favorite dishes, ordering habits. They can actually market to them in a more customized way. A little bit. Anxiety goes for all of them into the tech. Savvy? The issue with tech the better facing custom service.
Lilliana Robinson: And most of them they have. It is just they just be fluent systems. I don't wanna change, they said. They just
Lilliana Robinson: it's just too much puzzle for the machines. It just even if they don't like what they have, they just want to keep it.
Lilliana Robinson: And then the next cluster is
Lilliana Robinson: so that's my statement.
Lilliana Robinson: why do? She's
Lilliana Robinson: integration is crucial. So that was something that we noticed. In the second round of interviews that we did. Some of us have plastic programs like plastic cards, so they are very expensive, like $5 apart.
Lilliana Robinson: the this things get damaged. Blah blah blah systems having a hard time tracking users. The pool resient toast is convenient. They can do things remotely customizable. More options. To link reservations into the app. I mean to their programs.
Lilliana Robinson: Another anxiety that is used is training on the staff. They don't. Okay. They don't want to deal with training on the side with so much hassle. And then our insights
Lilliana Robinson: and the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: we can skip that
Lilliana Robinson: so insight. So we realize that our biggest competitor is racing
Lilliana Robinson: and 7 6 out of the restaurants that we interview had racy, and they were telling me that Racy was doing that job which we didn't realize. That was reservation systems. They're actually tackling rewards or tackling. Knowing your customer. So we are going to do next, we're gonna go ahead and interview restaurants that has that are switched to rescue in the past year specifically those that switch from open table to rescue.
Lilliana Robinson: So we have to do this technical over time. So alright. Well, thank you. So I have 2 things. One is feedback, and then the next one is my Delta demo day question. So first feedback.
Lilliana Robinson: I my my reaction here is that your analysis seems to be very much focused on the functionalities and the comparison of these platforms rather than the struggling moment of the restaurant themselves. So I I'm I'm guessing you have that information, but maybe it's not being presented here. It's probably underneath the insights that you've already kind of used to render this so. What difference are you ultimately going to make for a restaurant relative to the other alternatives that they already have
Lilliana Robinson: like, what what are we proposing we bring.
Lilliana Robinson: We're proposing integration.
Lilliana Robinson: We are looking already to integrate to pos systems. Cause that's a big pain that they have. They complained that the big pain is to have all these different systems that they don't work together so that the reservations have the pos. They have the payment system that is separated, and all the systems kind of like try to get to know the customer. But all separated. They don't work together for every restaurant, either, so it's all like, almost like
Lilliana Robinson: it's it's it's just doesn't work. So what happens if they don't have what you're offering, and they stick to what what's here like, like, what like? How does the world like get so much worse? Because Gift Graham doesn't get the job done right. If you all don't succeed in what you're setting out to do.
Lilliana Robinson: What's the Downside risk for any restaurant?
Lilliana Robinson: I don't think it's gonna get worse.
Lilliana Robinson: But it's not gonna get better.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. Many restaurants really struggle to make money
Lilliana Robinson: based. So tomorrow to do marketing.
Lilliana Robinson: They don't even want to do it because they don't know how they don't have time. They don't have crms to really tell them who the customers are and when they do what they do it. Reservation systems manually. So all this information is lost in those systems.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? So I think we just thought into just keep trying the same cycle of trying to make more money. And then they're gonna close like a lot of them, right? So my instinct here is that there might be a sub restaurants who are hiring these platforms that are going to be a perfect fit for you all the design, for
Lilliana Robinson: I don't know who, because we have to. I think, peel back the layers for your research, because it sounds like you interview a lot of different types of people in different situations at restaurants. So we're we're lacking the specificity related to the particular nuance role of the person who decides at the restaurant to sign up for the Loyalty program or not. I know it's probably hard to talk to and find the right person. Always right? So, okay, so last question.
Lilliana Robinson: we're here today.
Lilliana Robinson: May thirtieth. Got a couple of months or month and a half, whatever.
Lilliana Robinson: What are we getting done by then?
Lilliana Robinson: Well, obviously, we're toying with the idea of a reservation system, and that's not gonna be done for Demo day. But we know that having the digital memberships for loyalty will be part of and ultimately could be a part of a reservation system. So we're gonna still work on that we are gonna do more interviews to make sure we're on the right track. And we wanna do it specifically like you said is one kind of person, just
Lilliana Robinson: restaurants that hire rest in the past year, and it will be great if they will switch to all from open table to rest.
Lilliana Robinson: Interesting. Okay. Good last thing. So, but alright, let's do it.
Lilliana Robinson: It. It's a tough business, but it's a big message if you pull it off. Yeah, alright. Good job team. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: What's going? Are you?
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. So I'm gonna get the pen. What? Some stuff?
Lilliana Robinson: I need to apologize what everybody's presentation is actually
Lilliana Robinson: so yeah, and
Lilliana Robinson: So our experience criteria was anyone who has actually like
Lilliana Robinson: sign up to be a customer since we launched because we wanted to be super focused on people that have actually decided to work with us.
Lilliana Robinson: That was a good and a bad thing. Because we did have the numbers. We thought, we're gonna be able to get at least 8 50 days done we weren't able to. We know the reason why we only need did 4, and we wanted 8. And the reason is when we were trying to chase them now, because we have integration issues. What issues? Delays.
Lilliana Robinson: They thought we were chasing them down to chase them down about integration rather than about the interview. So there was a kind of misaligned priorities there. So anyway, we were able to do 4 and we got really good insights. I'll just speak to a few of them. The first is across all 4 of them.
Lilliana Robinson: They were all very, very particular about the fact that they don't want the regulator to get to find them. Over the last 2 years a number of people have lost their licenses. And so that's created a lot of fare. So we saw that reasons why they were drawn to our platform. Because we had a strong link in our
Lilliana Robinson: communication to the Regulators. So that was one thing that we saw they really scared of the regulator. What's the cost? What's the what's the risk? They lose their licenses and then therefore laid out.
Lilliana Robinson: So they use the license. They lose their business, and then they can continue. Yes, we do administration the Admin stuff. So a lot of people that we spoke to when we tried to understand, we went through the the questions, What are you doing? What are you doing before you came to work? File before you started using the solution like when we went through that the.
Lilliana Robinson: the, the timeline. They said they were using multiple different platforms. To kind of get through the work. And so one of the key things, when we're talking about our solution and selling it to them was the fact that they could kind of have everything within one workflow and so for them it was feeling a bit overwhelmed. Customer said just the fact that I have to deal with one provider just makes my job 7% easier. So that was something that we saw across all the 4 people that we spoke with.
Lilliana Robinson: The third thing was around. So in Nigeria, because all of our customers currently are in Nigeria. There is a lot of volatility with the exchange rate 1 one week, 1,000 Naira to $1 the next week is 1,500, and so that is creating havoc on their bottom line. And so they wanna manage the fx list where one of and
Lilliana Robinson: 1 one of them, he said that my friend said, don't speak to anyone unless they're charging a mirror. And so that was one of the things that was important to them in their decision making process. The fourth cluster, so that we saw that across all the 4 people that we spoke to the fourth cluster was actually I just one person that we spoke to and there was a more altruistic thing.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, they! And it was a team of them that that we kind of had the insight. So they were kind of cool looking to innovation space. They like the fact that we were powered by AI, and they just what these are people that there any new thing comes out, they want to get involved. And so there was more of a pool for them rather than there was a push. So the fact that we were able to communicate that we were building our cool solutions in AI, and that we were, we were constantly improving. That was something that they kind of resonated with.
Lilliana Robinson: So. But there was one clip person that said, That is why we're going with you. So those were the foreclosures that we spoke to. The plan is to still finish the Jtbd's across all the customers. What are the implications? I trust so you'll keep doing this again what you need. But like, it sounds like
Lilliana Robinson: you're already operating. So talk about the next steps for the business overall. So if you could just go down a bit. Sorry. So what? What we realize? We? We took this feedback around the push to pull the habits and the anxiety, if
Lilliana Robinson: push that into our sales cycle, understanding where we should be in our marketing, in our websites and our pitch, for instance, with the anxieties. We're putting that first forward around integration.
Lilliana Robinson: new processes, the longevity. So we're using the insights to be able to try how to communicate the value with our customers.
Lilliana Robinson: What I'd love to see is like this page, but for each of the clusters, rather than because these are different groups of people with different struggles right? So you want this for each of them. Write that out, and then you can try and target. Each one would be just doing it, for all of them isn't gonna be tailored to any specific moment. And it's almost like you didn't do. Jtb, right, because the whole point is that you understand their specific moment in the different clusters.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep, so yeah. And then just to go what she's saying, pick a lane right? Cause if you want, you wanna develop the ability to decide which customer acquire in which way. So you take one of those and go. This is the customer that we want to build a campaign around and target and make sure that we focus on like the right channels to to get, you know, enacted. So you know where they're at in the timeline. You know what struggling moment they're going through. Therefore you know how to pull them in and make them aware of your presence.
Lilliana Robinson: Right? Yeah. Okay, any other comments, feedback thoughts. Sweet.
Lilliana Robinson: You get enough.
Lilliana Robinson: Hey? Hi, oh, yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Well.
Lilliana Robinson: as you guys can probably see, our slides are a little bit different. It was different. We, in short, have only actually had the opportunity to really do one to
Lilliana Robinson: 5 meaningfully meaningful jobs to be done interviews realistically. So we haven't had time really sympathize in the way that you guys done. The reason why is because apparently we realize the B to B to see model that we are going after we really understood pain. You actually brought this up in our initial kind of week here, which is the pain.
Lilliana Robinson: is really with the consumer who needs to borrow person who's taking on that payday loan, and the lender doesn't have that same thing. But that's who we're selling to. So we made the pivot from it. We may not know this. Actually, we pivoted like the couple of weeks before tech stars to go from a gig worker, credit card, direct consumer to underwriting as a service inclusive and explainable. AI. Underwriting sold the lenders.
Lilliana Robinson: and it required a lot of thinking about that as a company. But the takeaway here is that we had not thought about jobs to be done from the correct perspective. So we've actually gone back into the past week and restructured our pipeline for jobs to be done, to focus on.
Lilliana Robinson: essentially reached out to 100 plus credit unions reaching out to banks because we actually found really good product market with James Garvey itself, which is another text company, the largest credit Buller card, he said. I absolutely want to use you guys, because my team is telling me that this is not possible. And if you guys can pull it off of the data you're showing me, we will use you.
Lilliana Robinson: So that was Big Win. We already knew that the other second biggest brother credit card Ava, has told us we wanted you guys build this in house. We don't have the In house credit expertise. So we kind of realized early on. And Doug honestly shout out to me because I wasn't honestly spending enough time talking to our customers, because I was like, I've spent the past decade talking to the direct customer, the the end bar consumer. But he made a good point, which is, let's assume that we actually do have product market fit with James and with self and with
Lilliana Robinson: Ava. That's not big enough if you take a look here at essentially the total size of consumer debt and mortgage, it turns out that's like a way bigger problem to solve, and it's where we want to go in terms of our roadmap. But if you take a look at credit cards, I have been making the assumption that in Fintech credit cards are underwritten by a well, they're underwritten by key algorithms, basic decision trees that are structured by a human.
Lilliana Robinson: However, it turns out that manual underwriting at credit unions which are a much bigger distributor of credit to the average population, the the more you know Midwest and so forth. They have not even underwriters. They don't actually even really do anything. Besides, digitally collect these forms in some cases paper, and it turns out if you next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: It turns out that if you look at the Federal reserves research these loads underperform, they are riskier net, worse performance. So
Lilliana Robinson: what's most important here is that this we're right here. This is how many guys like heard the Federal Reserve speak in here and talk about nothing, but also say things that move the entire market. These words, where potential for agency conflict is high, basically implies when people are on the edge, we don't make the right decisions. It's because of systemic racism and essentially how these credit processes are built
Lilliana Robinson: by the people in charge or a lot of the credit unions. Their risk. They're not risk tolerant. And that's what we realize we need to understand and talk to when our new jobs to be done interviews.
Lilliana Robinson: credit loan officers and credit risk officers at the credit unions to understand why they're using these expensive humans to make these decisions. Okay, so so like, aside from interviews, I trust that you guys will do that. Yeah, what are you doing like, what are you up to? Right now? Yeah. So we just got featured in visa. Fintech featured us coming. We think it was. They actually didn't reach out to us proactively. We think it was going Fintech weekly, or Fintech meet up where we are finalizing their pitch competition.
Lilliana Robinson: They basically include us alongside pave and a couple of other like kind of AI underwriting companies that we are actually looking to partner with. For some data. The takeaway there is is that we're like, first in line, essentially, to do explainable AI when it comes to underwriting. Nobody else has thought to apply the ability to have the machine tell the regulator why I made a particular decision. So even just if we could improve
Lilliana Robinson: but the inclusion part which we thought was important from like a pricing perspective. The explainability is actually almost more important. And that's actually what we've been spending time. Unfortunately, Bob got sick last night. So he's happy to go home, I think. But long story short is, he's been working on a new infrastructure where we're focused on explainability from day one being our core.
Lilliana Robinson: So we've actually basically heads down figuring out, how do we build a more ethical system for AI that essentially has a loop of feedback loop, a human in the loop to make sure that the models are doing the right thing, the regulars would approve of them, and that we can improve outcomes of it, of inclusion.
Lilliana Robinson: So so alright improve outcomes of of inclusion. So yeah, bring break it down for us. Layings in the yeah, what? What is the difference here? So does the customer sign down, scroll down real quick? Yeah. If you look at essentially the data Federal reserve has about how humans perform based off a fico score of what their default rate is. You see, the here that humans have a higher default rate when they make the prediction versus a machine. No surprise that real.
Lilliana Robinson: But what's really important here is that when you take a look at the Edge case level. I'm not gonna make you about previous slide. What it says here is that when humans
Lilliana Robinson: are the decision maker, they make the most wrong decisions when somebody's on the edge. In short, if somebody's borderline.
Lilliana Robinson: then that's where the human insight makes the most problems, and people will do what's essentially called gamification. If somebody is like, if you know, if the underwriter knows that, you need to have a debate from a 40%, and they know that you have 41, like, yeah, this person has a 40%. That whole game, right? 706, 8 is typically what we see in our data. And then we'll give you this world, that type of gaining the system, knowing that there are these human, derived, hard cut offs.
Lilliana Robinson: Those insights are essentially what we need to break out with our AI to really say, actually, this person is credit worthy, and they don't need to wait. And like. So what's true on May 30, is it isn't true today about the progress at that time is gonna make yeah. So ideally, we will have sold to Ava and be integrated. That's really aggressive.
Lilliana Robinson: And self. James, getting back to me this week, if we can have a strategic partnership between alloy and self and ourselves. The visa thing will be really helpful with that actually, so if we can distribute you through alloy long term.
Lilliana Robinson: part of itself is our first customer, and then close with the credit union as an loi, because there's a sales cycle than this entire program for credit union transparently. So that's that's the current plan. Okay, alright good stuff.
Lilliana Robinson: I don't want meetings.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright, Pardo, Pardo.
Lilliana Robinson: perfect. Don't bother.
Lilliana Robinson: Which ain't part of.
Lilliana Robinson: He's Kate
Lilliana Robinson: just like.
Pardo Walter: Sorry about that. I was talking, and I was on mute, awesome.
Pardo Walter: perfect. Got a bit of a runny nose. So I'm just gonna take my video off here.
Pardo Walter: But cool. Yeah, so this is our.
Pardo Walter: it's actually gonna be the third slide over. That's gonna go over our yeah, our screening criteria. So our screening criteria was to like uncover, like the critical pain points that influenced active traders and investors that have been participating in the markets at least
Pardo Walter: monthly to purchase 2 or more trading tools over the last 6 months. And these would be like tools in addition to what they were originally using. And then now we can go back to slide 2
Pardo Walter: cool. And then I actually had this cluster insight during our book club meeting with Neil around 2 weeks back. So that meeting actually helped out of it.
Pardo Walter: But yeah. So the why before the Y. So
Pardo Walter: what these customers that I interviewed were, they were wanted to find professional grade tools that were simple to use.
Pardo Walter: So they still wanted those same robust capabilities of institutional systems. But they still wanted to have the same powerful features and insights without being overwhelmed by all the complexity.
Pardo Walter: In other words, they wanted, they needed help identifying the right opportunities.
Pardo Walter: And so they wanted simple tools that would filter out all that noise and help them find the best trade or investment opportunities, whether they were daydreaming, or, you know, trading off a greater horizon.
Pardo Walter: and then they wanted confirmation before acting on a trade, and this was a subset of this, a sec. A subset of people that
Pardo Walter: would use these tools, but would also use subscribe to a bunch of community and subscription services that would give them technical analysis
Pardo Walter: via forums that would validate or reinforce them their like rationale before committing to a trade or a position. And then this third subset was, you know subset of customers that didn't wanna face the markets alone. They basically wanted to be a part of a community of people
Pardo Walter: that we're using the exact same tools as them, and they wanted consensus from that community before moving forward with executing on a trade or an investment. And then we can go on to slide 4
Pardo Walter: cool. So this is a lot. So I'm just gonna like, pick the most ceiling point here like.
Lilliana Robinson: So cargo. Sorry to jump in. There's 1 min left with the main time. Is there one of these 4 clusters
Lilliana Robinson: that matters more to you right now than any of the other ones.
Pardo Walter: Yeah, we can actually scroll all the way, the last slide actually here.
Pardo Walter: One more over
Pardo Walter: there we go. Yeah. So basically what they all have in common is that they're they want the tools, the simple tools. But they want a community around these tools, a community where there are people that are giving either expert insights or people that are adding their feedback as like how they're using these tools and how it's help them over the long term. So
Pardo Walter: that's essentially what I'm gonna be focused on is adding that community element to our platform.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool.
Pardo Walter: Because the tools alone aren't they can be robust and super helpful, and so on. But if the tools alone aren't going to like really cut it. They wanna have that that sense of community, that sense of validation that other people are doing using some of the same things that they're using and that they're successful with it. So that's gonna be our primary focus is that.
Lilliana Robinson: Next.
Pardo Walter: Unity, aspect into.
Lilliana Robinson: So fascinating. Part of so one is, I doubt we got a quick glimpse of that, because it sounds like everybody in our program immediately signed up for your platform when you offered that base camps that was cool. But 2. So amongst the folks that are interested in community, did you learn anything in particular about what situation that sub group of individuals are in that would put you in a position not only to build the right feature on the product side, but from an acquisition and awareness standpoint. Do you know where to find them?
Lilliana Robinson: What situations are they in now? Where, when you once you, assuming you build the right features.
Lilliana Robinson: Who do you present these to? That's going to lead to the conversion that you want.
Pardo Walter: Yeah, absolutely. Many of them are active in sub forums, either like trading view Forums or Reddit forums, and like, there are certain Reddit forums, where you can like kind of narrow it down from
Pardo Walter: the most popular or the most popular assets that people are are having discussions about whether it be like Tesla or Apple stock, or Nvidia stock? That's where you kind of like find those people that are trying to find entries into these particular markets, or you know.
Lilliana Robinson: Saving.
Pardo Walter: Or unique ways of like figuring out when's the best time to invest in these markets?
Pardo Walter: And that's where you ha have hear a lot of the discussion of, like the variety of different tools that they're using and how it's like they're using these tools to simplify the rationale before moving forward with their executions.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, my, my instincts here part. The revelation of the community building pieces is is key, and it's it's a signal of you know how you can actually build out
Lilliana Robinson: a a way to establish awareness for your company without having to invest a lot in marketing.
Lilliana Robinson: So once you get this community going. There's a lot of ways for the community to become promoters of your product itself.
Pardo Walter: That's exactly it. That's right. One of the
Pardo Walter: Yeah, before demo day. What I'm trying to get done is we're currently an open Beta. But we wanna move it to general availability. And then, like people that use our tools, our platform to execute on a trade they should be able to save that.
Pardo Walter: save almost like a a replay of when they executed, how they used our AI tools, and what analysis or a it tools gave them in that execution and turn it into like a blog post, and then people should be able to like have a question about what happened at that specific point in time.
Lilliana Robinson: That that's interesting. Okay? Last question, or my last question. And then I think Vincent has a question for you. Mine is, how would you define
Lilliana Robinson: customer success right now? So someone who signs up on your platform, all of us and others
Lilliana Robinson: who reaches an outcome that
Lilliana Robinson: Trinium labs is optimized for. And what? How would you describe that outcome.
Pardo Walter: Consistent profitability over the long term.
Lilliana Robinson: Got him
Lilliana Robinson: perfect. Thank you. Part of it since. Have you? I will out myself as a Wall Street that's degenerate on Reddit.
Pardo Walter: Yeah, please.
Lilliana Robinson: Like a self collecting group that would be interested in this type of Collectivism.
Pardo Walter: Sorry could you repeat that?
Pardo Walter: But.
Lilliana Robinson: In short, have you considered the Wall Street bets on Reddit? For because those people tend to be very passionate and interested in helping each other find opportunities in the market. If you know, like the wall, Robin Hood story and all stuff that happened during the pandemic, they all traded and like talk to each other and then. Now there's movies about it right.
Pardo Walter: Absolutely. That's that's definitely been on my radar for sure. That and a couple of other forums where people are trying to like short certain assets.
Pardo Walter: and they want to target like
Pardo Walter: There's very unique points just before the asset ends up with ends up making a big move which we call volatility squeezes. So our tool can actually like
Pardo Walter: fine volatility squeezes with the high degree of accuracy. So that's those are the sorts of forums where I'm gonna like kind of like
Pardo Walter: edge in with my particular tool and its expertise in that like discussion.
Lilliana Robinson: And Brian
Lilliana Robinson: Abandoned.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, so part of I really liked the community based sort of revelation that you had question for you is, have you considered creating. Maybe, like, I know, this blog post thing sounds cool. But what I'm thinking just intuitively is starting a discord group where you just create. Let people create their own channels and sort of like organically take it, their own direction makes a lot of sense here.
Pardo Walter: Yeah, that actually, that's actually, really really interesting, because my mentors mentioned that as well. But I was mostly worried about the overhead of like
Pardo Walter: keeping things like
Pardo Walter: Pg rated like trying to like.
Burhan Syed: I don't think it matters.
Pardo Walter: Fighting each other, and like.
Lilliana Robinson: Bernie's not interested in anything. Pg. Related.
Pardo Walter: Oh, no, no, no, I yeah, no. I just like cause people can get pretty aggressive with each other when they disagree on. Certainly.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, no, you you can moderate the score channels with bots. But anyways, we can talk about this later.
Pardo Walter: Got it. Got it? Yeah, that's exactly it, since. Yeah, moderation is like one of my big concerns with starting at this per channel, but my mentors have mentioned the same thing during winter madness as well. So it has been on my radar, so I appreciate it.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. Pardon! You gotten winded your sales, man. A lot of people are fans of you and your platform, so go for it.
Pardo Walter: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Was asking to go next, because we were going in the order. People submitted to be fair.
Lilliana Robinson: Is that cool.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, it's totally fine.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. So exhaust is next.
Lilliana Robinson: they're online.
Malc - Xsauce: Right. Hey, everyone.
Malc - Xsauce: I was leaving vicariously through the party last night. So I appreciate you all having fun and sharing sharing photos. Cool. Okay, I'll jump into it. Just I'll recap with screening screen criteria.
Malc - Xsauce: First, we were really deep. So secret resellers who so at least 20 pairs per year, and are familiar with sports. Betting, or have gambled on sports in the past 60 days, was one criteria second to that. We're alternative asset collectors, so that ranges from watches to beer to myriad of things who have added sold, or added to their collection in the past 6 months, and also about sports in the past 90 days.
Malc - Xsauce: So the overarching objective here was to go back and understand that journey, particularly looking to understand. As as we've all been discussing? What was the motivation across that period? Where were the ups and downs? And what was that? What was that? Like, as far as find that inflection point.
Malc - Xsauce: So within these 2 groups, we got a really, I guess, mix of perspectives, interviews right from 30 to 60 min. But ultimately it was trying to dive into that decision making process.
Malc - Xsauce: So if you scroll down a little bit
Malc - Xsauce: across those 2 prime perfect, that's perfect spot across those 2 groups. I'll take you through the first cluster here. Really, it's simply put like, I don't know to to actually do differently. And I think I just hit a ceiling. And this is this is in regard to the sneaker reselling game. This is in someone trying to make money in that. And if you look down below, underneath that image, the job to be done there is is pretty explicit, and I'll read it out, and and I'll show you the rest of the kind of the anecdote we've been covered to to land there.
Malc - Xsauce: but effectively here it's when I want to grow my sneaker reselling business. I want to make money more consistently. I need a reliable plug, so I don't get stuck. Inventory. Have to keep taking L's in order to recoup my money for the next drop. So what that means? If anyone outside of sneakers
Malc - Xsauce: effectively, they need a supplier to make sure that they actually get the volume they need so they don't have to dip back into existing inventory to sell at a loss in order to get that next drop. And for context.
Lilliana Robinson: So I'm gonna jump in real quick. Sorry to jump in.
Malc - Xsauce: 1 million items.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm tracking the time, and I'm realizing how many clusters do you have.
Malc - Xsauce: Just 3, and they're they're they're quick.
Lilliana Robinson: Between the 3. Did you choose? Do you have one in mind that you're gonna make the next move on.
Malc - Xsauce: I would say it's it's actually a combination of both. Of a couple.
Lilliana Robinson: I read the headlines.
Malc - Xsauce: Of 2 of them. I'll get you the 2 that I think make the most sense.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's cover those 2. Okay, cool.
Malc - Xsauce: Okay, perfect. If you scroll down to the second point
Malc - Xsauce: this is, there's another one like here, here we go. Okay. So this idea cluster. True cluster 2 was all about trust, and this was a verb to me. Right? You can't trust anyone.
Malc - Xsauce: and so if you break it down. What's kind of happening between the combination, first one around the ability to grow and not having a a path forward, but also this really confined space of not trusting anyone.
Malc - Xsauce: and it came out really clear that there's a lot of medical practices. There's backdooring. There's bots. There's so many layers of this that make it impossible. There's a quote that I have up there around 95% of resellers won't make it, and that the top 5 will continue to make all the money. And what what we experience through these kind of first 2 clusters is that individuals feel trapped with the sense of hesitation that they can't transfer their network to another asset class if they want to. They can't get the analytics or any other additional data
Malc - Xsauce: that's supporting the decision. So ultimately they feel disheartened. And effectively, it's because of the combination of those 2.
Malc - Xsauce: So for from us what that means as an implication standpoint, we're always in the space of understanding
Malc - Xsauce: trust, but through an educational kind of gamified experience. And so this landed us in a place of understanding. What does fairness mean, we're trying to break that down. And we think there's an element of what games represent from a psychology standpoint as this leveling playing field. And ultimately we think we can. What's that.
Lilliana Robinson: Can you summarize the business opportunity here, like what money is being left on the table right now from the folks that aren't able to utilize.
Lilliana Robinson: You know the the system properly, because when I see breakdown that I love that quote the 95 5% quote, however, it's scary, too, because the instinct is that
Lilliana Robinson: the real money is on the demand side of the top 5. So are we playing to the group that isn't actually going to make you profitable as a business.
Malc - Xsauce: It's a valid challenge, I I think, for us that group is probably pretty well sought after. They've got the network. They've got volume. I don't really know if they have any pain points in that way. I mean, I think they're moving. They're making enough money. The business is booming. I I. We haven't spoke to them. That wasn't a part of this exercise. But from an outside perspective, I think they're okay. It's actually the biggest pain that I see is in these folks that
Malc - Xsauce: had really comes down to expectation alignment. They came in thinking, flipping sneakers gonna be super easy, and it's just not. And so all the tools that are serving them, they're not getting the value from it. So for us, the game has had an educational component that helps them understand, either learn more about the market. So even part of those point, I think that collectivism, the community aspect around it, I think learning is critical and also being able to practice in that environment. So we're we're leaning towards pretty much supporting them and finding ways to get around that particular block that they have.
Lilliana Robinson: Where? Where does the money come in, though? Where? When do you get paid?
Malc - Xsauce: So we're we're intending to apply a wager on top of these. So I know it's kind of a long story. But effectively in the game, you're able to create a virtual asset.
Malc - Xsauce: So that means in that you're able to take whatever you are going to sell or potentially sell and able to kind of run trials on that, and potentially even add a wager on top of that to go head against someone. So within the idea of fairness. You're kind of not playing the market anymore. You're playing individuals. Be able to kind of learn in that process. So the business model would be a few things it could be off the wager it could be off of the time spent in that. There could be an advertising angle to that. But ultimately, we're still trying to figure that out and and the focus right now.
Malc - Xsauce: as far as the next question will be, Demo Day is, we're building out all the flows and really understanding what's going to be sticky to the actual gaming. Experience is actually what keeps people there. And they're learning. And they're getting value from that.
Lilliana Robinson: So I'm gonna I'm gonna say something that I don't know if I've said so far in these Jtbd presentations, historically, which is, I think before you said you're building out flows like it sounds like product insights which would make sense naturally from Jtb. Insights my instinct. Here is before you move forward product.
Lilliana Robinson: I think you should build a financial model, or you should update your financial model to reflect the goal of that product development, translating to those transactions hitting the numbers that you want for this to be a viable business like we need to look at it on a spreadsheet and go, oh, hell. Yeah, this makes a lot of sense. This is gonna become a big business that we pull this off. Therefore it's worth building and implementing these features in this way? Does that make sense.
Malc - Xsauce: Makes total sense.
Lilliana Robinson: So yeah, let's let's let's all work together with you on like looking at what the numbers would look like over time for this to be like successful and viable cause I get, I think, since you're gonna need to raise capital to make this work because you're not gonna make enough money money in the short run to like. Cover your costs if you're gonna go full time on this.
Malc - Xsauce: Correct. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright! It's done!
Malc - Xsauce: Awesome. Thanks. Everyone.
Lilliana Robinson: Hey?
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Hi, everyone. So we reach out to Hr leaders. We implemented benefits program next time.
Lilliana Robinson: And so we interview 9 actually 10 as as this morning. But we think that we need more interviews and discussing with Page, we actually agree that even if we have draft clusters.
Lilliana Robinson: Today we are sharing insights, and we need more interviews, especially like we've been talking to people doing compensation and giving. But we want to talk to people really looking at impact investment, more financial stuff.
Lilliana Robinson: And also with this program that the Cfo is really key in the decision making. So we actually want to do some jobs to be done with innovating Cfos, because we think they could make a big difference. And later on, probably in a few months
Lilliana Robinson: jobs to be done with employees as well. So while you're doing those additional interviews which makes total sense, is there also something that you're thinking about for positive finance
Lilliana Robinson: from just like a moving forward standpoint like.
Lilliana Robinson: how do we over the next 2 months while doing interviews still make business progress as well?
Lilliana Robinson: Yes, doing is also to test some messaging to Hr. Directors and Cfo in the next few weeks, and part of this to see what resonates and get people engaged got it. So so you're gonna test the messaging out to get people engaged, we'll play it out. So we people are engaged and we're measuring what to test that engagement which translate into what actions
Lilliana Robinson: meetings with them, and see if the Cfo is Gonna be more impactful. I guess what I'm asking is like, is there is there going to be actual like value added like, are they gonna use your platform? Are they gonna take actions? Are people gonna sign up
Lilliana Robinson: right, what are you targeting there? Yeah. Yeah. And for the other day, I mean, we plan to still launch a second client with employees in part of all of that. Right? Great. Okay? Cool
Lilliana Robinson: next slide. So some of the insight we really learn like how Hr leaders are thinking about this, the way they are thinking about it is like they figure out the compensation stock options. Then comes health plans, retirements, and then a range of benefits, and that's where we play. There is something a little bit with the financial aspects of 4 one K. We need to be plugged a little bit at that moment.
Lilliana Robinson: But what's also clear is that the shop kept like talking about being competitive and making benchmark to attract tenants and employee retention. So the
Lilliana Robinson: they talk a lot about the competition and the attractive as a complaining. And so it was. We, we thought, a lot about retention, but actually attracting tenants seems to be really big in terms of like development leaders, and therefore, via Hl.
Lilliana Robinson: Next slide, interesting as well. We don't know about the decision making. There is some sort of like, maybe, like, you know, early cluster. But like CEO led impact, really like posting the entire thing when there is a seal of, you know, impact company of people or something like that, and that drives a lot in many cases, and eg. On making requests.
Lilliana Robinson: And so beyond zoom would be super users for us that bring the app to the attention of leadership.
Lilliana Robinson: It's really important. That piece, because could be also a long, safe cycle. We need to equip
Lilliana Robinson: Hr leaders
Lilliana Robinson: for the discussion with the Cfo.
Lilliana Robinson: And cost efficiency what came up like a lot. We negotiate like big time. So we need like demos pushers, and you don't need to be able to defund the budget on that moment of the decision. So
Lilliana Robinson: typically September to December. So how much of this plan is coming from what you all think you should do versus what you learn from those interviews?
Lilliana Robinson: All okay? And
Lilliana Robinson: and then for that second client that you're talking about is that the Cfo. Who you're dealing with to lead to that commitment?
Lilliana Robinson: We don't know yet we all. It depends on the outreach, the cold, and like what it takes to you. Got it. Okay? So you have. You haven't gotten that far further along with that. No, no, yeah, they could be. Yeah. Cfo, we think now, it was also from mental
Lilliana Robinson: that's an innovator. Cfo would actually make a difference because it could bring a Csr and bring it up to the Hr. Video. I think I want to spend more time. If you all wrap my head around like what that second deal looks like. And then who else is in the pipeline? Because let's just say that that doesn't become what you want, and you don't secure them. Are we actively working on any other clients to convert?
Lilliana Robinson: Right?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I mean, yeah, we have lots to talk about but cool any other questions. Comments feedback from the room.
Lilliana Robinson: Southern
Lilliana Robinson: cool. I'm serious.
Lilliana Robinson: Are those meta glasses working still? Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright, Brian.
Burhan Syed: Oops. I gotta change the logo on that.
Lilliana Robinson: Have a good name.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, we have a new name.
Burhan Syed: Yes, ma'am. Okay. So this is kind of a pure job. So we done situation for us because we actually didn't have a product. We decided we're gonna pivot away from alibi and we knew that we wanted to maybe go after the dentist industry just because Alan comes from a family of dentists. So we said, Hey, we can meet with a lot of people in the dentist industry very quickly. So that's kind of where this is born out of. So the next slide and I can get started on the clusters. Thank you.
Burhan Syed: So the first cluster is the statement that we made, for it is when I see my receptionist, Miss Customer, calls because she is busy. I want to hire another receptionist, so I can see more patience because my business does well. My family will have a better life.
Lilliana Robinson: What's the context receptionist? For what kind of office.
Burhan Syed: Dental offices.
Lilliana Robinson: Dental offices. Okay, good. I knew that, but I was trying to help you out.
Burhan Syed: Yeah. So this, we've actually grouped together a bunch of independently owned dental offices. That means the dentist who operates that office owns that place, and it's just one place that he owns.
Lilliana Robinson: Per hunt. Wait a second. Sorry I'm cutting you off, but you you gotta set the stage here. What? What happened? Wh? What is the deal here. This is where we're going from night clubs to dental offices. Give us a context. You know what the appetite a little bit.
Burhan Syed: Okay, if you guys saw my update yesterday, it'll provide some more contacts. But for anyone who didn't read it, essentially, the idea behind this was.
Burhan Syed: we understood that we've been ignoring a bunch of red flags when it comes to the nightlife industry. Over and over again there was traction that was good on the customer side, but on sorry on the club goer side, but not on the customer side for us, right? And so we just kept ignoring this because we saw more and more traction on the club goer side. But we realized we can't actually monetize any of this properly.
Burhan Syed: So we sat down with a bunch of the mentors, and they were like dude. Don't get married to an idea or a solution. Just go out and find something and build a machine to validate it.
Burhan Syed: So we were like, we have a machine to validate. It's called jobs to be done.
Burhan Syed: So why don't we just go out and interview a bunch of people that have that are in a variety of different industries, and just see.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's choose this problem.
Burhan Syed: Well, we decided, okay, we need to figure out what's in our network that we can easily access. So one of the biggest things is, Alan comes from a family of generations of dentists. His dad's one of the most what.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Man.
Burhan Syed: Prostitutes in the world. So we're like he's got the right connections to introduce us to a bunch of dentists. Let's just go interview dentists and see what problems they have.
Burhan Syed: So we started off with a few friends of Allen's dads who own their own dentist practices, and these are individually owned dentist practices. So
Burhan Syed: that's the statement that we've made for those people. Biggest thing is, they're losing revenue every time they miss a call or like. There's receptionist just isn't on the ball, because that's dollars in their pocket. If you quote it. An appointment is at least a couple of $100 in profit. So missing a call is like a drop goal. That's what someone had told us
Burhan Syed: are.
Lilliana Robinson: Like Damon. Thank you.
Burhan Syed: Gold.
Burhan Syed: So the motivation behind this is super emotional. These people own their dentistry practices, and that's sort of their livelihood. This is what they use to provide for their family, etc.
Burhan Syed: Next slide
Burhan Syed: is our next cluster, which is when the business is in a bit of a slump. I want to start doing more outbound calls. So I can expand my business to more locations. Now, these are dentistry practices that are owned by people who have multiple locations. So we're looking at around 5 to 6 locations on average, that they have
Burhan Syed: the forces that are driving. This is slow business. And they want to expand as fast as possible. Because they want to get to a point where they're own multiple multiple offices
Burhan Syed: and the motivation behind it is social. We've just seen that a lot of these people are at a point now where they're comfortable financially, and their families are doing well. They just want the social status that comes with owning a bunch of dental clinics.
Lilliana Robinson: But just some feedback here. From what I'm seeing so far, it seems like these insights, at least, that you're presenting to us are very high level.
Lilliana Robinson: So I think there's a level of visceral specificity that I'd be looking for to better understand the domain space. That being said, you've got wind in your sales, because these are all believable things that you've said so far. So I think there's something there. But we've got to dig a few layers deeper to make sure that we know exactly where to focus.
Burhan Syed: Absolutely. I think this needs a lot more analysis, and I just haven't had the time to do it, because all these interviews were done last.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 min left very hard, and then we can give you some feedback.
Burhan Syed: Alright. So last slide is what we're gonna go after. By the way, which are Dso's. So when I look at our quarterly reports and analyze them. I want to figure out a way of increasing my bottom line because my firm is over leveraged, and we need cash to make interest payments
Lilliana Robinson: So.
Burhan Syed: Esos are private equity firms that take a bunch of money from bank from Banks's loans and use it to buy hundreds of dental clinics.
Burhan Syed: They are not run by dentists.
Lilliana Robinson: There are.
Burhan Syed: Finance Bros.
Burhan Syed: and their biggest motivation is cash.
Burhan Syed: So they don't really care about employees. They don't really care about their customers. They just want to squeeze as much money out of their dental clinics as possible. A quote that directly relates to this is, I'm a numbers guy. I don't want my, I want to know how I can maximize the profitability of each of my practices. That's what someone during an interview had told us.
Lilliana Robinson: For Han. I think my team just got a lot wider. I'm I'm excited about this. So this is quite the aim I wasn't. I wasn't expecting this came out of left field. So
Lilliana Robinson: a lot to figure out I'm gonna shut up and let anyone else in the room or on the call. Speak up if you want, but I have a lot to talk to. We're we're we're Rhonda Network, right.
Burhan Syed: That's where we're on there, Rhonda.
Lilliana Robinson: What the next step is here, but I think they're swinging for the fences. They're trying to make a lot of money here. I I.
Burhan Syed: Prototype, Neil. We're we're selling right now. We're shipping.
Lilliana Robinson: You're scaring me a little bit ago because I don't know if I told you. But you heard my my story with the outcome health, right? Context, media outcome health. Do you have the original business model for the company was
Lilliana Robinson: alcohol. It was liquor.
Burhan Syed: Goers like.
Lilliana Robinson: They pivoted to diabetes medical clinics.
Lilliana Robinson: So you're talking about nightclubs to freaking dental offices. And I'm like, is this like what is going on in my life like I feel like for a loop here, so I just need to show that. Let it play out. Good luck.
Burhan Syed: Alright!
Lilliana Robinson: Where does Rhonda come from?
Burhan Syed: Okay. So Rhonda is Alan's dad's receptionist. She's worked from for 15 years. Alan's dad's bike dentist, by the way, or like for certain things. So I've seen her in in action, and she is awesome. She's the best at her job. I've never seen a better dental receptionist in my life. We realize that every dentist needs a Rhonda or every Dso. In this case needs a Rhonda. So that's why we called her Rhonda. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: So cute. I love that. Oh, no! Oh, wow! So we'll talk about later.
Burhan Syed: Call her. She'll she recognize your your name just from your voice, and she will instantly remember everything about the vacation that you said you were going on. Your kids, your wife, your family, like she. She knows everything about you, and she provides the best quality of care, and that's why she's been around for 15 years with my dad.
Lilliana Robinson: Any questions for Rohan and the team.
Lilliana Robinson: Where do you hope to be by Demo day.
Burhan Syed: 10 k Mrr,
Burhan Syed: couple like
Burhan Syed: iterations of the of the prototype that we already have.
Burhan Syed: And yeah.
Burhan Syed: that's kind of where we want to be. I'm I'm shooting for the fences here, so we'll see
Burhan Syed: or swinging for the fences. That's the right term.
Lilliana Robinson: That's awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: Yes, here. Are there any concerns about?
Lilliana Robinson: I need to speak up or come up here? Yeah, she said. Are there any concerns about like
Lilliana Robinson: these more like monopoly dental store, like, I feel like dental practices like, have you looked into like? How they are feeling about?
Lilliana Robinson: I guess, like Dso's taking them over is they're like, yeah, what are your impact of that?
Burhan Syed: I I I really don't care about the mom and pop dental practices, because to be able to scale this very quickly, selling to each one individually, it seems like a complete waste of time, whereas if I have a 45 min call with one dentist who owns one practice and a 45 min call with one Dso. Owner who owns 150 practices. My time is better spent on the Dso. And, by the way, 40% of all dental clinics are gonna be owned by Dso's in the next 2 years. So it's a big enough market to go after.
Burhan Syed: and also Dsls are outsourcing all their receptionist work to call centers right now.
Lilliana Robinson: Answer your question. Cool. Okay, cool. Thank you, Brian. We're gonna probably move on. I think that was perfect.
Lilliana Robinson: We'll talk more about it.
Lilliana Robinson: How many providers with everything in the corporate? Who is it?
Lilliana Robinson: 0 to 11
Lilliana Robinson: when you go to?
Lilliana Robinson: But before.
Nelson Mitchell: My my stuff should be.
Lilliana Robinson: Not too. Ok, that's the.
Nelson Mitchell: Yeah. The last.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, you'll you'll go less.
Lilliana Robinson: Everyone touch protection for employee stock compensation.
Lilliana Robinson: Nice slide.
Lilliana Robinson: So we spoke with 12 people, 3 liars, one decent 8 went really, really well
Lilliana Robinson: next slide. So our screening criteria was, Tux was looking for tech finance Oil Company employees with stock packages that have vested in the last 2 to 3 besting dates and sold at more than a 20% loss.
Lilliana Robinson: The context here is that we thought selling at a 20% loss can be thought of as paying a 20% fee to have your stock package.
Lilliana Robinson: And so if you're willing to pay a 20% fee to ensure. You can get your Rsus, and you may be willing to pay for tux. Just kind of a a competitor play.
Lilliana Robinson: So moving into our first cluster.
Lilliana Robinson: So when I'm preparing to buy, actually buying or renovating my dream home, I want additional cash as soon as possible, so that I'm financially positioned in the best possible way to place an offer and handle a mortgage.
Lilliana Robinson: Some, but some to call out, were, a push was around this time element. So a lot of these individuals had a deal about to close or
Lilliana Robinson: We had someone who said like, as soon as they started digging for the pool. I had to pay kind of thing. And then the poll was that typically the had the least opportunity cost when it came to looking for cash. And so there were No. 4 one K.
Lilliana Robinson: issues like taking your money out. There was no kind of reprimandations or consequences of using ours. Use. One big anxiety was a lot of people mentioned the stock was going up, and they thought it would go up, and it could have meant they could have used more money for the home or for changes. The biggest thing here was around social elements. So, comparing themselves to other people as well as one person filling prompts to their children.
Lilliana Robinson: So how many classes do we have? If 3? And are we going after all 3? We don't know yet. Okay, we're not sure. Alright. So let's play through the next 2. So we have time for discussion. That one was super interesting. So I have a lot of questions about it. But I'm gonna shut up and let you finish. The other 2
Lilliana Robinson: potential upside of my Rsu seem underwhelming and unable to make a substantial impact on my disposal income. I want to pull my cash out of low reward assets so I can take matters into my own hand and engage with investments that have more life, changing opportunity like crypto. And so this one the biggest thing of call out is that there wasn't really a habit or anxiety for these individuals, because they formed a pattern of selling
Lilliana Robinson: years ago. So no matter what happens when these assets best, they're like.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm not a startup. I'm not worried about the upside. I sold an orange use. I'm gonna put in a bitcoin cause they know they're they're not gonna get rich off of their company stock, so wouldn't. But wouldn't an anxiety be like stasis or inactivity, or I mean, I'm guessing here. I didn't do those interviews. But I there's almost always at least a few habits and anxieties going on, so I'm wondering whether we did the work to uncover them or not.
Lilliana Robinson: I I guess maybe we did do the work and cover. I think the biggest thing with these individuals was this was a habit they formed
Lilliana Robinson: years ago in terms of selling, no matter what happened, the stock could be doing. Great stock could be doing poorly. They didn't care, because they didn't think there's any value other than using it as a as a vehicle to to become rich. So why do I want to pull my cash out of low reward assets?
Lilliana Robinson: I want. I want. My interest is in making money like, what? What's the underlying motivation?
Lilliana Robinson: What am I trying to do with this money like life changing? In what way? What am I gonna spend my money on from this cluster?
Lilliana Robinson: 8,000 times?
Lilliana Robinson: I don't know. What do they just want? The more money they just want a bigger number in their bank account, or they want to do something with it.
Lilliana Robinson: I don't think that's something. We uncovered what they wanted to do with Grant. That's why I need to know that that you want to know what they like the desired outcome. Right? You said. This is, say here so that I can take matters into my own hands and engage with investments
Lilliana Robinson: that have more life-changing opportunity like Crypto.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. I have sorry eyes about the money I made. But then I just Scrooge Mcduck and sit on my money. Or what do I do?
Lilliana Robinson: That's all that. Alright, alright! Is that there's probably a sub group of people here that spend their money in a similar way.
Lilliana Robinson: and that they're interested in accumulating wealth in a particular way, for a particular reason that you might be able to target. But it's how are you using to get them to join? You do, unless you acknowledge to them that you understand what their end goal is right? We need to know the end goal
Lilliana Robinson: definitely
Lilliana Robinson: and the cluster 30 super fast. And so when I notice changes in my stock company stock price impact my ability. Prepare for retirement. I wanna take advantage of my Rsus for diversification and 4 one K contributions. So I can grow my well, steadily while maintaining cost of living. What's the cost of living? What's the wealth? What are we doing with it? Tell me this one. Did you hear anything for this one? And so for this one, for example, these individuals would user Rs use to increase their 4, one K contributions and then
Lilliana Robinson: distributions and then sell the Rsus to just have that as their salary is it Mtd. Gribs? Is it a May back like, what what are we doing? Are we moving to the Bahamas like? What are we trying to do with all the money we made a family? So this somebody had to desire retiring early. So one person was, I want to retire at 55 and start my own business. I don't like the idea of working for the people, and so interesting. Alright! I see what we have to do here. Do you see what we have to do here?
Lilliana Robinson: The desired outcome is missing from all of these. So what's cool is like it feels like you've tapped into something real for each of them. So these are all believable right? I think all of us can either relate or understand people who are in these situation.
Lilliana Robinson: But
Lilliana Robinson: I think what we're lacking is the underlying like
Lilliana Robinson: either to achieve additional wealth
Lilliana Robinson: right? If there's spending money in the short term this long term, there's all types of other motivations. Once you understand why I'm doing it. In the first place, then, you can speak to that and then deal with all the other details that you successfully uncover. Yeah, I guess. Question around that for cluster 3. Yeah, when we're looking at again, we saw this as a functional thing around retiring early retirement retiring, which is something that's
Lilliana Robinson: 30, 40 years into the future. That's what they're saying. But what is actually going
Lilliana Robinson: I don't know. I mean, I could be wrong about this, but my suspicion is that it's not just about retiring early. It's also about something going on in the near term that they're trying to do
Lilliana Robinson: retire early involves a lot of different financial decisions and involves investments long term and short term near term. Right? So they're making big bets increase their wealth. They wanna invest in property. They wanna invest in other things that are gonna be assets over time. I'm guessing
Lilliana Robinson: you know better than me.
Lilliana Robinson: This is nice. I like the insights here, just so I don't want to.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright, thanks. I don't think the other jobs and I kind of talked about all this. But, yeah, cash immediately. Our issues are the first to go when it comes to meeting cash immediately.
Lilliana Robinson: If people view the Rs uses worthless, they're willing to place them in rich assets. And then an interesting was, people don't realize that the Rs use decreasing have a big impact on their salary. So get an individual quoted saying, Rsu started off as making 30% of my salary, but now they only make 3. But in reality it, the percentage didn't change just the value of the Rsus
Lilliana Robinson: so from pure financial standpoint, are we? What's our promise to them? You sign up for tufts and net net you're taking home anywhere from 5 to 10 more in your bank accounts by the end of the year. Or what? What's our promise? Yeah, our value proposition is being able to protect your downside and participate in the upside. And so you don't have to. You don't have to sell immediately, because things like that.
Lilliana Robinson: if you want to, you still can cash out and make that money. But if you wanna
Lilliana Robinson: downside increase upside, that's all. God would be good. I'm a simple person who has a job at a company that pays me with our shoes.
Lilliana Robinson: What do I do?
Lilliana Robinson: More money or less? You get more money, more money. How much
Lilliana Robinson: save money slots go down? No, no, we're not talking about that. Where is it? Is that what they care about or they care about is
Lilliana Robinson: with the house. What they really cared about was like, I want the house. I want a dream house. I want to reserve, renovate my house. I wanna yeah, that first one you talked about. Right? Yeah. So so anyway, that's what I'm getting like the language you need to speak to, even though you guys are in the land of technicalities around how these instruments work which is great.
Lilliana Robinson: you have to zoom out. Get back to the human element here, which is, I want my dream home, and I want you to make it easy for me to attain that by signing up for your service as opposed to what I'm currently doing, which is too messy.
Lilliana Robinson: All right. Nelson has something to say.
Nelson Mitchell: Yeah, sorry I haven't contributed much.
Nelson Mitchell: I'm just. I'm wondering, so
Nelson Mitchell: I don't.
Nelson Mitchell: I haven't. I don't have a lot of experience with Rsus, right? But I my impression here is that Rsus are a big chunk of people's compensation, and they're different than like regular tact or or regular shares. Right? So you've got a population of people. They're being compensated with these things, and they're not financially savvy about
Nelson Mitchell: like how to manage them when to sell them how they contribute to their wealth. Right? So like, I think that Neil's right like to to piggyback on the technicality piece of it. But I feel like it's almost like you've got a bunch of people with these things, and they don't really know what to do with these things so that they can go accomplish their goals, you know, and so, like one of the things they need to do is protect the downside. One of the other things that they need to do is understand.
Nelson Mitchell: or maybe not understand. But have somebody advise them on?
Nelson Mitchell: You know, how can this contribute to my wealth? How do I manage this like an asset
Nelson Mitchell: cause like I understand it better. So like, I'm not doing stupid things. I'm not like
Nelson Mitchell: selling low, you know, and like flushing money down the toilet I'm not turning them into, you know, like, get rich, quick schemes, whatever like.
Nelson Mitchell: I I think that there's like a financial education component that goes along with these other things, and like the the value prop is like.
Nelson Mitchell: Hey, you got all these Rfu like this is how you're getting paid. Hux can help you be smart about
Nelson Mitchell: that, so that you get more money so that you maximize your upside your potential like you're not, you know. It's like nobody's helping these people be sophisticated about these Rfu's, except like, maybe Hr. And maybe like, if they have a financial advisor or whatever. But what about everybody else. Right? So yeah, I mean, that's my my take on it. There.
Lilliana Robinson: No, exactly. I think that's also I'll be quick. But that's the feedback we got from a lot of mentors, which is that there's a lot of education that needs to be happen that needs to happen here. And then we've also then have been talking to like financial advisors who've been mentioning the problems they face with dealing with people who have our issues. And that's the biggest thing where it's like
Lilliana Robinson: there's some millionaires who like have no idea what to do with their money, how to optimize it. And then they end up making all these mistakes, and then they go to Financial advisor and realize, hey? Like, I kind of screwed this up. How can we fix it so definitely? Part of our next steps?
Lilliana Robinson: Cool? Thanks, Nelson. Did you, in the interview. Did you see any or hear any insights around
Lilliana Robinson: what's happening with our students? They sound like
Lilliana Robinson: fact that almost half of basis
Lilliana Robinson: the taxes actually don't even receive it
Lilliana Robinson: that probably only success. They'd like to get Sax invitations.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So when we talk to the interviewees, no, they didn't really mention much about the tax application. So they treated it like cash, especially the ones who had things already had in mind, and what they're gonna do with it when they wanted to sell, so the house
Lilliana Robinson: trade off itself
Lilliana Robinson: correct. But then, when we spoke to financial advisors, they were like, That's their biggest sell is like we can help you with tax optimization. Because they can't use Rsus as asset under management. So the person may be actually making 3 million dollars a year. But because
Lilliana Robinson: 2 million is an Rcs. They can only have 1 million and assets. And so the only thing they can optimize for is, Hey, we can help you with taxes when ideally they want to be having 3 million under their asset management. Kind of portfolio
Lilliana Robinson: interesting. So I think what Jeremy, speaking to which you are probably already aware of and thought about, is the opportunity for extreme simplification of visualizing the potential trade offs and implications of a pathway with our, you know, resources. So you have a lot of interesting opportunities there, assuming there's an appetite demand for that kind of support. So
Lilliana Robinson: alright! Well done.
Lilliana Robinson: alright, Nelson.
Nelson Mitchell: Alright, I think. Am I bringing this home here?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, you are.
Nelson Mitchell: But.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, so.
Nelson Mitchell: Alright!
Lilliana Robinson: Go back.
Nelson Mitchell: Cool, cool. Yeah, we'll see
Nelson Mitchell: so you wanna go on. So I'm building on a presentation. I showed you guys last time. So just to refresh your memory. We we screened through a survey. We're looking for people that
Nelson Mitchell: had a medical bill over $500, which is the sort of affordability threshold that a lot of the research firms use kff and whatnot, and it hired a third party to help them.
Nelson Mitchell: So we talked to 10. We found 7 that really fit the bill. We found 3 others that were sort of advocates. Last time I talked to you guys, I hadn't folded in the insights from the other 3, so I have had a chance to to go through and parts those. But I'm mainly
Lilliana Robinson: I, I wanna commend you on the screening criteria here. And I just wanted to put everyone's attention onto this slide for a second. This is very clear.
Lilliana Robinson: And and and if you're gonna do another round of interviews, I'd encourage this level of clarity
Lilliana Robinson: right? It's not too much. It's not too deep. It's very, very dialed in $500 or more on a third party. Medical bill advocate in the last 6 to 12 months.
Lilliana Robinson: Right? This is that that's awesome. And then the fact that the interviewees were super diverse as well, meaning the demographics for all over the place. That's exactly the point. It's less about that and more about the situation of I spent money on a medical bill advocate.
Lilliana Robinson: Great job that'll be up to.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's jump straight to the clusters. Nelson.
Nelson Mitchell: Sure. So first pass you you guys saw this before? One of the the feedbacks that I got was you need to quote people these seem to sort of elevated. So go to the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, go down to the clusters of the upper.
Nelson Mitchell: So so I clustered it. In these 3 areas. The first is the people that need help getting this done quickly. So one theme that emerged was, it takes a long time to deal with this stuff, and one person had a burning platform where and this is something that I found happens
Nelson Mitchell: not infrequently, which is you're with a healthcare system. All the doctors that you see are part of this system and your local region right, and they won't let you book another doctor's appointment until you resolve your bill right? So like you've got this bill and you're in dispute, and you're going back and forth, and it's taking weeks, and then something goes wrong with your health, and you need to see a doctor, and then it's all of a sudden it's like they're holding a gun to your back like, Hey, pay the bill.
Nelson Mitchell: or you're just gonna be sick like we're not fully see your doctor. So that was like the most extreme version of Help me resolve this quickly, and that's what caused somebody to say like, I don't have time for this. I gotta
Nelson Mitchell: get it resolved quickly. The the second cluster is, what's the real number? So some people were like.
Nelson Mitchell: you know, I I want third parties. I want people to tell me. You know how to how to work this, how to resolve it, how to how to get it down to the number. I know this number isn't right, but I don't have all the skills to negotiate on my own behalf.
Nelson Mitchell: Help me get to the real number and the final one, is smaller. But it was a really interesting insight which was you know, I don't just wanna get to the number. I need financing. And right now I need to choose between the 2, like if I if I want a payment plan, if I wanna be able to pay month by month.
Nelson Mitchell: Then the hospital system is gonna make me swallow the whole bill like if I wanna if I find somebody who can help me negotiate the bill. They want all the money upfront because they wanna take their percentage of the payment and like. So I gotta choose between those 2 things, and I actually talked to somebody who had gone for the higher bill because she could make it work with her cash flow. So the the last is sort of a financing thing.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, so which one.
Nelson Mitchell: So.
Lilliana Robinson: What are we going for? First.
Nelson Mitchell: Go to the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: He was real.
Nelson Mitchell: There it is!
Lilliana Robinson: Listen.
Nelson Mitchell: Number 2, number 2, what's the real number? And you know, part of what's been happening.
Lilliana Robinson: Like I got accrued.
Nelson Mitchell: In, in addition to Jtbd is my mentor is telling me, hey, hey, man, you gotta launch this thing like this is not, you know, a technical problem to get this out into the market like there's a way to start helping people. So I put the the wheels in motion to do that. So I put a teaser on social media. I got a ton of impressions. I got a bunch of people hit me back up like this is awesome. We wanna use this whatever. So
Nelson Mitchell: initial marketing response is like, this is good. You know, the market is prime for this
Nelson Mitchell: and on the next step.
Lilliana Robinson: How do? How do you define the market? How do you find the market? Help me understand? I love that you're getting initial like interest, but like to help me understand what that translates to in terms of like
Lilliana Robinson: acquisition, adoption, you know. What does that mean to you?
Nelson Mitchell: So what I, the the real goal, is to get some customer stories out of this, to like to start, get the muscle memory of running through the process with my team to look at like, what's the range of issues that we're getting with the bills like? What are the processes that we're using to uncover the issues and and the steps to resolve them.
Nelson Mitchell: So we can get an estimate of like, how much time do we have to put into this to to get a resolve, bill out the other end, and that will help us figure out how to price it. At the same time.
Nelson Mitchell: We need to get some kudos from from people that we help. So we can use those to market because social trust
Nelson Mitchell: is a big thing with this stuff like people need to be able to trust.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Nelson Mitchell: Their financial and their health data. So.
Lilliana Robinson: Nelson. What you just said was, I think, what I was trying to get at by asking you the question, which is Demo Day? My instinct is, it's all well and good to get people hyped about what you're doing. But at the same time it's far more important for you to deliver on these successful outcome from actually addressing the need. And if you have like, I would take one incredible success story over 1,000 people saying that they're interested
Lilliana Robinson: in this platform, because if you have that one success story, it gives you the truth and the trust and the validation. You need to get the other 990.
Nelson Mitchell: Yep.
Nelson Mitchell: So that's that's what I'm working on. If you go to the next slide slide number 8,
Nelson Mitchell: so there's some like legalities involved like, I'm taking on liability. And also I need to have people release their information to them. So there's privacy, there's liability. So I'm working with my lawyers. I should have
Nelson Mitchell: the draft contracts. That I'll have people sign docusign in order to go through the process with me by.
Nelson Mitchell: I don't know. Tomorrow, Friday. So that's cool. Then that'll give me the legal paperwork that I can
Nelson Mitchell: use actually start
Nelson Mitchell: doing this work for people.
Nelson Mitchell: we're developing marketing materials by marketing materials. I mean,
Nelson Mitchell: working on a landing page that I can link to with social media posts. So it's like.
Nelson Mitchell: click here. The landing page will say, this is what we're going to do for you. There'll be a little form that people fill out. We take the form. There's some hipaa
Nelson Mitchell: calisthenics we need to do to make sure that they're not transmitting sensitive data. But basically they fill out a form. We review it. We have a little call with them on Zoom. They give us their details, and then, you know, we resolve it. So
Nelson Mitchell: that's that's the meat of it.
Lilliana Robinson: So, Nelson, this is actually what I'm worried about. I'm worried that we're gonna spend time with this marketing stuff before we have
Lilliana Robinson: the strength of evidence of delivering on the outcome
Lilliana Robinson: like, why spend time on this as opposed to
Lilliana Robinson: getting the real number and getting the case study of helping someone get to that satisfaction. I don't think you need to have big marketing push or tuning marketing to accomplish the end goal for the user that you want to help
Lilliana Robinson: or do you.
Nelson Mitchell: Well, I
Nelson Mitchell: I mean, I guess there's marketing. And there's marketing. I just wanna have, like, basically like a digital flyer that I can point to, you know, when I reach out to people on social media, and I'm like I can help you with their medical bills. And they're like, tell me more, you know, and I'm like here here.
Lilliana Robinson: I feel like there's people who are in a very particular situation right now that you can
Lilliana Robinson: like literally hunt down direct sales and target
Lilliana Robinson: and help up with this before I don't. This is, you and I can talk about this separately and offline, but, like my instinct is that we might spend a lot of time distracting ourselves with a larger push to build a brand and a reputation and awareness around something that you need to just make sure we can do for a smaller group of people. First.
Nelson Mitchell: Yeah, yeah, I mean, I'm I'm pretty much ready to deliver it. Like, once I have the the the contracts that I can get people to sign I'm pretty much ready to to just start doing it and learning by doing
Nelson Mitchell: so you know anything I can do to stream.
Lilliana Robinson: And there's no.
Nelson Mitchell: Get out of my own way.
Lilliana Robinson: Into that.
Nelson Mitchell: I mean, the upper limit would be, you know, we're slammed. And we put people on a wait list.
Nelson Mitchell: So yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: David has one comment. I was just gonna say, we had a talk with the mentor about like oxygen level need. And I feel like your customers. All of them have like, I think there's nothing more important than health, and like
Lilliana Robinson: being able to do that. And so what are you saying around like
Lilliana Robinson: is marketing important versus like getting like your first customers like.
Lilliana Robinson: I feel like they need you
Lilliana Robinson: immediately. Kind of thing
Lilliana Robinson: compared to like, I think about our business like you can sign up protection today. You could set up a couple of weeks like, if I have a medical need today. That's really not something you can delay, and the marketing for it might not be as important as as opposed to the service you can provide them, they would say, just go send it
Lilliana Robinson: and Scott.
Nelson Mitchell: Oh, I love it! I love it. Yeah, I mean one of my mentors that I was talking to
Nelson Mitchell: was like, Oh, my daughter just had this issue. Can you help her? I was like, send her my way
Nelson Mitchell: so.
Lilliana Robinson: Do agree with that. You.
Nelson Mitchell: Of the woodwork.
Lilliana Robinson: You. You should be working on the marketing while still going to market, because you have such great insights like you're ready, just like find those people go back to the people that you were talking to. I I want to see enhanced products. I want to see over delivery on success. I want to see the details around how your service will work.
Lilliana Robinson: using the insights that you have now, how you're gonna enhance the aspects of what you're gonna walk people through to get to the truth and to get to success.
Lilliana Robinson: One.
Nelson Mitchell: Tell me more. Maybe offline about that.
Lilliana Robinson: Of course. Yeah. Box mail. Thanks, Nelson, for closing that great cost.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, thank you. I think you can.
Lilliana Robinson: So next set of that, Kate will watch this step. She will respond to you probably with like what she thought of it. Anything that you guys need to work on for those of you who need to do another round. Do that, especially for you who have 2 sided marketplaces, and we can go through this with you again
Lilliana Robinson: if you keep working on this and finish the jobs to be done. Checklist. This is just one part of it. You can unlock one to 2 h prototyping and implications chat with meals. So that's the potential next step. This is the end of our required curriculum. But there's so much more that you can take advantage of if you want to keep working on it for your business, which I highly recommend. A great work, guys
Lilliana Robinson: just like Matroy with the financial model. There's a third.
Lilliana Robinson: That kind of
Lilliana Robinson: doesn't take it seriously, and it drifts off. And this whole thing of jobs was more of a
Lilliana Robinson: favor to us that it was something that you took seriously for yourself and for your business. There's a third. That kind of did it.
Lilliana Robinson: you know. Still, kind of says they think about it and do it. But like basically talks to customers in a more casual way. And then there's a third go. No, this is actually pivotal to our business, we need to embed it into our DNA. So, going forward as we acquire customers, we know exactly what they're coming in with and what they need, and how our business is evolving over time as we acquire more customers.
Lilliana Robinson: Those are the companies that are still around after many years. So I just wanna call that out. And if all of you wanna think of yourselves as in that latter category, the final third that actually take it seriously.
Lilliana Robinson: Then you're gonna keep going on this. And you're gonna make sure that everyone you present this to including us.
Lilliana Robinson: feels effusive and in support of you about that direction.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I have one question on the methodology. How do you choose the clusters? So we're not there yet. We don't have clusters very clearly identified clusters yet.
Lilliana Robinson: but hopefully we will soon.
Lilliana Robinson: Ha! Is it a judgment call? How do you decide which cluster to zoom? It? Is it what you were saying earlier, like, I love, it's the cluster that says, I love your product. I need it with. And so this is
Lilliana Robinson: where I feel the type of customer I go for, or something? That's a great question. So the question just for both folks on the zoom call is, how do you choose which clusters to focus on? Or do you focus on all 3 something along those lines? So
Lilliana Robinson: if you are a more mature company.
Lilliana Robinson: you're interviewing your existing customers. And you're identifying these clusters based on who you're already serving.
Lilliana Robinson: Most of you all are not in that situation. You're in the aspirational phase. So you're discovering what the clusters are. So your opportunity is, we can choose one of these to prioritize as a beach head.
Lilliana Robinson: We're aware of the other needs and the other jobs. But we're gonna design for this particular job case right now, and once we nail that knock it out, the part, we can then go back and address the other clusters or other ones that we haven't uncovered yet.
Lilliana Robinson: Does that make sense what I teach in my clustering workshop? Part 4, which you can go back and launch is like, where's the most energy? W, it's a combination of what are you passionate about? Like? What are you? J, like you guys as people genuinely interested in going after what is the easiest and most feasible, according to what you already have and have access to like. Maybe Nelson has access to finding the most people that like really want a lower price. And the third one is, where's the most energy? So which one is that morphine or oxygen pain?
Lilliana Robinson: There. There is a trinity between your Kpis.
Lilliana Robinson: your jobs to be done and your financial model. There's a there's a holy like union. There, I'm telling you where once you understand the job, like mount and and exhaust, they can add that to their model and go. Okay, this group has this pain, and this is their what they're leaving on the table. This is their upside and downside risk. Therefore, in the model it should translate to this, and we could even increase the likelihood of this model basis as well. We hit these kpis.
Lilliana Robinson: So there's a way to keep this very fuzzy, qualitative conversation we just had about the concept of your customers and your needs and those courses
Lilliana Robinson: into actual numbers that lead to real business outcomes for you guys. But I want you all to balance sophisticated dance of the qualitative and quantitative piece. So don't fall short on either category.
Lilliana Robinson: Looks like the Harry Potter definitely has. Okay, that's it. Everybody on Zoom will see you at 1230. Everybody here will also see you at 1230.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright, guys. Alright good.
Lilliana Robinson: Would you say so? What we're doing
Lilliana Robinson: we're going over data room criteria in the calendar.
Lilliana Robinson: That was a good setup for David.
Lilliana Robinson: I really was. Yeah, I was good. I didn't know I was doing.
Lilliana Robinson: Hey, Brian Nelson, I'm ending this.